---
layout: docs
category: api
version: 0.5.0
title: Inject.addContentRule
injectOnly: true
signature: Inject.addContentRule(matchesPath, rule, options)
permalink: /docs/0.5.0/api/inject.addcontentrule.html
---

{% highlight js %}
Inject.addContentRule(matchesPath, rule, options);
{% endhighlight %}

This function allows you to add a rule to transform content after it has been downloaded. Common applications are shimming a file (to give it CommonJS support), altering a file to fix a bug, or simply adding debugging information.

### matchesPath
The `matchesPath` parameter can either be a string or a regex. If a string, an exact match on the Module ID is required in order to perform the fetch alternative. If `matchesPath` is a regular expression, then the path is tested against the regex.

### rule
The `rule` object is a function with the following signature:

{% highlight js %}
function(next, contents)
{% endhighlight %}

* **next** is a continuation function. A fetch rule must call `next()` to continue the loading process. Failure to do so will result in a transformation "hanging" and eventually timing out. Call next in the format of `next(error || null, contents || null)`
* **contents** the contents up to this point. If a previous transformation provided data, it will be available here. This should be the most recent state of the file during transformation

### options
A collection of options for this rule. Supported options are:

* **weight** assign a weight to this rule. Larger numbered rules run first.

The family of rules Inject supports:

* [Inject.addModuleRule](/docs/0.5.0/api/inject.addmodulerule.html)
* [Inject.addFileRule](/docs/0.5.0/api/inject.addfilerule.html)
* [Inject.addFetchRule](/docs/0.5.0/api/inject.addfetchrule.html)
* [Inject.addContentRule](/docs/0.5.0/api/inject.addcontentrule.html)
* [Inject.addPackage](/docs/0.5.0/api/inject.addpackage.html)
