---
layout: docs
category: amd
version: 0.6.x
title: define
permalink: /docs/0.6.x/amd/define.html
---

{% highlight js %}
define(factory)
define(id, factory)
define(dependencies, factory)
define(id, dependencies, factory)
{% endhighlight %}

The define method is the main AMD entry point when using the [Asynchronous Module Definition](/docs/0.6.x/howto/amd.html) format.

### With or Without an id

The `id` parameter is used to indicate the id of a module which maps back to a dependency. For every module you "require", there must be a matching "id" in a define statement. When no `id` is provided, the id is inferred from the module's path. For example, a define that requests the dependency `foo/bar` and downoads the file `/foo/bar.js` containing

{% highlight js %}
define(dependencies, factory)
{% endhighlight %}

will receive an implicit module ID of "foo/bar" based on the **module id** (not the URL path). Many optimizers will auto-insert the module ID during a compilation process, however it is not required for a module to be defined and work.

### Dependencies

The `dependencies` parameter is an optional array of module dependencies that are required for the currently executing define function to resolve properly. Dependencies will be downloaded and ran before `factory` is looked at. Any modules passed into the array will be resolved to URLs based on the [resolution rules for modules](/docs/0.6.x/howto/resolving_modules.html).

### The Factory (aka the Exports)

The one required parameter in a define call, `factory`, is either an object or a function. When `factory` is an object, the object is assigned straight to the results of the module: its exports. When `factory` is a function, the function is ran. The signature of the function maps 1:1 with each array item from the `dependencies` array. If no `dependencies` array was used, the function will receive in order `require`, `module`, and `exports`.

Any value returned from the function will be assigned to the module's exports.

### Example

{% highlight js %}
// file: foo/bar.js
define('foo/bar', ['foo/baz'], function (baz) {
  // this is the foo/bar module
  // the local "baz" variable is the result of the foo/baz module
  // whatever we return is available to other modules who
  // depend on foo/bar
  return {
  	hello: 'I am the foo/bar module',
  	baz: 'This is baz hello: ' + baz.hello
  };
});
{% endhighlight %}