---
layout: news
title: Inject 0.6.1 Available
category: news
author: jheuser
---

Get this release over at the [downloads](/download) page

##Overview
0.6.0 and 0.6.1 mark a significant milestone for users who were depending on Inject for older browser support. We have dropped IE6/7 support (easyXDM) and have convered over fully to using `window.postMessage` for cross domain communication. To continue to use cross domain functionality, we recommend using a standalone install of easyXDM. More details are in the Backwards Compatibility section below.

## Backwards Compatibility Concerns
The removal of easyXDM means that to continue using Inject in IE7/8, we recommend a standalone install of easyXDM. This allows the developer to maintain this dependency independent of the Inject code base; a high priority due to the inherinently insecure nature of Flash in the browser. To continue to use easyXDM as a standalone tool, you can implement a Fetch Rule, which will use easyXDM as the transporter via their CORS implementation, as opposed to using the postMessage functionality in modern browser.

A complete example is available on the [Inject Cross Domain HowTo](/docs/0.6.x/howto/cross_domain.html) doc page.

For most users, this won't be a concern, but we didn't want to release this change without a working example for people to draw from.

## Bug Fixes
* Fixed issue where postMessage listeners were not triggering correctly when loading the remote iframe
* Supports calling the AMD `define` with no baseURL defined (and no dependencies)
* AMD `normalize` functionality now strictly adhears to the test when enabling AMD plugins
* AMD inline `define` calls on a base HTML page wait for all `define` before triggering a dependency download

[View the Full Changelog](https://github.com/linkedin/inject/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)
