---
layout: docs
category: api
version: 0.6.x
title: Inject.addFileRule
permalink: /docs/0.6.x/api/inject.addfilerule.html
---

{% highlight js %}
Inject.addFileRule(matchesPath, rule, options);
{% endhighlight %}

This function allows you to add a rule to transform one path into another during the loading process when a Module ID is associated with a URL.

### Examples
{% highlight js %}
// if a path contains "nocache", use a different url
Inject.addFileRule(/^https?:]\/\/.*?nocache.*?$/, function(path) {
  return path.replace(/www\.mysite\.com/, 'www.my-nocached-site.com');
}, { weight: 0 });
{% endhighlight %}

### matchesPath
The `matchesPath` parameter can either be a string or a regex. If a string, an exact match on the path is required in order to perform a transformation. If `matchesPath` is a regular expression, then the path is tested against the regex.

### rule
The rule object is either a string or a function. If a string, a 1:1 replacement is made on the matching path. No history of previous transformations is saved. If `rule` is a function, it takes one argument `path` and must return a string representing the transformed path.

### options
A collection of options for this rule. Supported options are:

* **weight:** Assign a weight to this rule. Larger numbered rules run first.
* **last:** A boolean that, if true, will prevent further rules from running.

The family of rules Inject supports:

* [Inject.addModuleRule](/docs/0.6.x/api/inject.addmodulerule.html)
* [Inject.addFileRule](/docs/0.6.x/api/inject.addfilerule.html)
* [Inject.addFetchRule](/docs/0.6.x/api/inject.addfetchrule.html)
* [Inject.addContentRule](/docs/0.6.x/api/inject.addcontentrule.html)
* [Inject.addPackage](/docs/0.6.x/api/inject.addpackage.html)
