---
layout: docs
category: api
version: 0.6.x
title: Inject.addContentRule
permalink: /docs/0.6.x/api/inject.addcontentrule.html
---

{% highlight js %}
Inject.addContentRule(matchesPath, rule, options);
{% endhighlight %}

This function allows you to add a rule to transform content after it has been downloaded. Common applications are shimming a file (to give it CommonJS support), altering a file to fix a bug, or simply adding debugging information.

### Examples
{% highlight js %}
// Put everything assigned to "window" into module.exports
// great for "shimming" non AMD/CommonJS compatible files
Inject.addContentRule(/.*/, function(next, contents) {
  next([
    '(function() {',
    '  var window = {};',
       contents,
    '  for (var prop in window) {',
    '    if (window.hasOwnProperty(prop)) {',
    '      module.exports[prop] = window[prop];',
    '    }',
    '  }',
    '}())'
  ]);
});
{% endhighlight %}

{% highlight js %}
// compile coffeescript (the rule-based way)
Inject.addContentRule(/+.*\.coffee$/, function(next, contents) {
  next(CoffeeScript.compile(contents));
});
{% endhighlight %}

### matchesPath
The `matchesPath` parameter can either be a string or a regex. If a string, an exact match on the Module ID is required in order to perform the fetch alternative. If `matchesPath` is a regular expression, then the path is tested against the regex.

### rule
The `rule` parameter is a function with the following signature:

{% highlight js %}
function(next, contents)
{% endhighlight %}

* **next:** A continuation function. A fetch rule must call `next()` to continue the loading process. Failure to do so will result in a transformation "hanging" and eventually timing out. Call next in the format of `next(error || null, contents || null)`
* **contents:** The contents up to this point. If a previous transformation provided data, it will be available here. This should be the most recent state of the file during transformation.

### options
A collection of options for this rule. Supported options are:

* **weight:** Assigns a weight to this rule. Larger numbered rules run first.

The family of rules Inject supports:

* [Inject.addModuleRule](/docs/0.6.x/api/inject.addmodulerule.html)
* [Inject.addFileRule](/docs/0.6.x/api/inject.addfilerule.html)
* [Inject.addFetchRule](/docs/0.6.x/api/inject.addfetchrule.html)
* [Inject.addContentRule](/docs/0.6.x/api/inject.addcontentrule.html)
* [Inject.addPackage](/docs/0.6.x/api/inject.addpackage.html)
