---
layout: docs
category: api
version: 0.6.x
title: Inject.addModuleRule
permalink: /docs/0.6.x/api/inject.addmodulerule.html
---

{% highlight js %}
Inject.addModuleRule(matchesId, rule, options);
{% endhighlight %}

This function allows you to add a rule to transform one module ID into another.

Consider using [Inject.addPackage](/docs/0.6.x/api/inject.addpackage.html) if you would like to make a module globally available.

### Examples
{% highlight js %}
// let's say you moved a module, but don't want to
// update all the require() statements
Inject.addModuleRule(/myold\/modulePath/, function(id) {
  return 'mynew/modulePath';
});
{% endhighlight %}

### matchesId
The `matchesId` parameter can either be a string or a regex. If a string, an exact match on module ID is required in order for the rule to be ran. If `matchesId` is a regular expression, this expression will be tested against the Module ID.

### rule
The rule object is either a string or a function. If a string, a 1:1 replacement is made on the matching Module ID. No history of previous transformations is saved. If `rule` is a function, it takes one argument `moduleId` and must return a string representing the transformed Module ID.

### options
A collection of options for this rule. Supported options are:

* **weight:** assign a weight to this rule. Larger numbered rules run first.
* **last:** a boolean that, if true, will prevent further rules from running.

The family of rules Inject supports:

* [Inject.addModuleRule](/docs/0.6.x/api/inject.addmodulerule.html)
* [Inject.addFileRule](/docs/0.6.x/api/inject.addfilerule.html)
* [Inject.addFetchRule](/docs/0.6.x/api/inject.addfetchrule.html)
* [Inject.addContentRule](/docs/0.6.x/api/inject.addcontentrule.html)
* [Inject.addPackage](/docs/0.6.x/api/inject.addpackage.html)
