---
layout: docs
category: api
version: 0.6.x
title: Inject.addFetchRule
permalink: /docs/0.6.x/api/inject.addfetchrule.html
---

{% highlight js %}
Inject.addFetchRule(matchesId, rule, options);
{% endhighlight %}

This function allows you to add a rule to use a loading mechanism other than the default Communicator object built in to Inject.

### Examples
For a really complex example, see [Inject's Context File](https://raw.github.com/linkedin/inject/master/src/includes/context.js) for how AMD support is achieved using the addFetchRule method.

{% highlight js %}
// fetch a file using jQuery instead of Inject
RulesEngine.addFetchRule(/^.+?\!.+$/, function (next, content, resolver, communicator, info) {
  var moduleName = info.moduleId;
  var requestorName = info.parentId;
  var requestorUrl = info.parentUrl;
  
  var resolvedId = resolver.module(moduleName, requestorName);
  var resolvedUrl = resolver.url(resolvedId, requestorUrl);
  
  $.get(resolvedUrl)
  .success(function(data) {
    next(null, data);
  });
{% endhighlight %}

### matchesId
The `matchesId` parameter can either be a string or a regex. If a string, an exact match on the Module ID is required in order to perform the fetch alternative. If `matchesId` is a regular expression, then the Module ID is tested against the regex.

### rule
The `rule` parameter is a function with the following signature:

{% highlight js %}
function(next, contents, resolver, communicator, info)
{% endhighlight %}

* **next:** A continuation function. A fetch rule must call `next()` to continue the loading process. Failure to do so will result in a fetch "hanging" and eventually timing out. Call next in the format of `next(error || null, contents || null)`
* **contents:** The contents up to this point. If a previous fetch function had data, this data is available in the contents argument.
* **resolver:** An object literal with two methods `resolver.module(id, relativeTo)` and `resolver.url(path, relativeTo)` for resolving Module IDs and paths properly within the fetch function. For relative path resolution, many items needed are in the `info` object.
* **communicator:** An object literal with one method `get` which takes three parameters: moduleId, path, and a callback function `function(contents)`. This is a passthrough to Inject's native communicator and can do standard cross domain communication.
* **info:** An object literal containing data about the fetch function:
  * `info.moduleId`: the current executing module's ID
  * `info.parentId`: the parent of the current executing module's ID
  * `info.parentUrl`: the resolved URL for the parent of the current executing module

### options
A collection of options for this rule. Supported options are:

* **weight:** Assign a weight to this rule. Larger numbered rules run first.

The family of rules Inject supports:

* [Inject.addModuleRule](/docs/0.6.x/api/inject.addmodulerule.html)
* [Inject.addFileRule](/docs/0.6.x/api/inject.addfilerule.html)
* [Inject.addFetchRule](/docs/0.6.x/api/inject.addfetchrule.html)
* [Inject.addContentRule](/docs/0.6.x/api/inject.addcontentrule.html)
* [Inject.addPackage](/docs/0.6.x/api/inject.addpackage.html)
